earth.paint.background-color = #ffffff
landuse_park.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
landuse_hospital.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
landuse_industrial.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
landuse_school.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
natural_wood.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
landuse_pedestrian.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
natural_scrub.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
natural_glacier.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
natural_sand.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
landuse_aerodrome.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
transit_runway.paint.line-color = #ffffff
landuse_runway.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
water.paint.fill-color = #eeeeee

roads_tunnels_other_casing.paint.line-color = #000000
roads_tunnels_other.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_tunnels_minor_casing.paint.line-color = #000000
roads_tunnels_minor.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_tunnels_medium_casing.paint.line-color = #000000
roads_tunnels_medium.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_tunnels_major_casing.paint.line-color = #000000
roads_tunnels_major.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_tunnels_highway_casing.paint.line-color = #000000
roads_tunnels_highway.paint.line-color = #ffffff

physical_line_waterway.paint.line-color = #ffffff
buildings.paint.fill-extrusion-color = #ffffff

roads_other.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_minor_casing.paint.line-color = #999999
roads_minor.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_medium_casing.paint.line-color = #888888
roads_medium.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_major_casing.paint.line-color = #777777
roads_major.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_highway_casing.paint.line-color = #666666
roads_highway.paint.line-color = #ffffff

transit_railway.paint.line-color = #bbbbbb
transit_railway_tracks.paint.line-color = #ffffff

boundaries.paint.line-color = #000000
physical_line_waterway_label.paint.text-color = #000000
physical_line_waterway_label.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff

roads_bridges_other_casing.paint.line-color = #000000
roads_bridges_other.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_bridges_minor_casing.paint.line-color = #000000
roads_bridges_minor.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_bridges_medium_casing.paint.line-color = #000000
roads_bridges_medium.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_bridges_major_casing.paint.line-color = #000000
roads_bridges_major.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_bridges_highway_casing.paint.line-color = #000000
roads_bridges_highway.paint.line-color = #ffffff

roads_labels.paint.text-color = #000000
roads_labels.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff

physical_point_ocean.paint.text-color = #000000
physical_point_ocean.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
physical_point_peak.paint.text-color = #000000
physical_point_peak.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
places_subplace.paint.text-color = #000000
places_subplace.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
places_city_circle.paint.circle-color = #000000
places_city_circle.paint.circle-stroke-color = #ffffff
places_city.paint.text-color = #000000
places_city.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
places_state.paint.text-color = #000000
places_state.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
places_country.paint.text-color = #000000
places_country.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff