background.paint.background-color = #ffffff
landuse_park.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
landuse_hospital.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
landuse_industrial.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
landuse_school.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
natural_wood.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
landuse_pedestrian.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
natural_scrub.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
natural_glacier.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
landuse_aerodrome.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
transit_runway.paint.line-color = #ffffff
landuse_runway.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
water.paint.fill-color = #ffffff
physical_line_waterway.paint.line-color = #ffffff
buildings.paint.fill-extrusion-color = #ffffff
roads_highway_tunnel_casing.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_highway_tunnel.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_other.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_minor.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_medium.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_major_casing.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_major.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_highway_casing.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_highway.paint.line-color = #ffffff
transit_railway.paint.line-color = #ffffff
transit_railway_tracks.paint.line-color = #ffffff
admin.paint.line-color = #ffffff
physical_line_waterway_label.paint.text-color = #ffffff
physical_line_waterway_label.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
roads_major_bridge_casing.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_major_bridge.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_highway_bridge_casing.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_highway_bridge.paint.line-color = #ffffff
roads_labels.paint.text-color = #ffffff
roads_labels.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
physical_point_ocean.paint.text-color = #ffffff
physical_point_ocean.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
physical_point_peak.paint.text-color = #ffffff
physical_point_peak.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
place_subplace.paint.text-color = #ffffff
place_subplace.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
place_city_circle.paint.circle-color = #ffffff
place_city_circle.paint.circle-stroke-color = #ffffff
place_city.paint.text-color = #ffffff
place_city.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
place_state.paint.text-color = #ffffff
place_state.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff
place_country.paint.text-color = #ffffff
place_country.paint.text-halo-color = #ffffff